## First Basic Server

This short Go program creates a basic web server that listens for incoming HTTP requests on port 3030.

```go
package main

import (
	"net/http"
)

func main() {
	http.ListenAndServe(":3030", nil)
}
```

- `:3030`: Specifies that the server should listen on port `3030` of the local machine. The colon (`:`) is crucial here.
- `nil`: This argument is for a custom request handler. By passing `nil`, we're telling Go to use the default `DefaultServeMux`, which is a simple request router built into the `net/http` package. In this case, since we haven't defined any specific routes, the server won't respond to any requests. (It will work, but silently ignore incoming requests)


**How it Works**

1. **Server Startup**: When you run this program, it will start a web server process that binds itself to port 3030.

2. **Listening**: The server enters a loop, constantly listening for incoming HTTP requests from web browsers or other clients.

3. **Default Behavior (`DefaultServeMux`)**: Since we didn't provide a custom handler, the `DefaultServeMux` will handle any incoming requests.  However, since we haven't defined any specific routes, it won't send back meaningful responses.


### Adding a simple message 

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"net/http"
)

func main() {
	http.HandleFunc("/hello-world", func(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request){
		w.Write([]byte("Hello World!\n"))
		fmt.Fprintf(w, "Hello World!\n")
	})
	http.ListenAndServe(":3030", nil)
}
```

Unlike `Print`, which has standard output as its predefined destination, `Fprintf` is designed for writing formatted output to a specific **writer**. This writer can be a file, network connection, or any other destination that implements the `io.Writer` interface.

