## `unsafe.Pointer`

In Go, `unsafe.Pointer` is a special type of pointer. Unlike regular pointers (e.g., `*int`, `*string`), it's not associated with any specific data type. Think of it as a "raw" or "generic" pointer that can hold the memory address of any value.

Go's `unsafe.Pointer` is the equivalent of a `void*` pointer in C. It allows Go programs to seamlessly interface with C libraries or low-level system calls, where generic pointers are often used to pass around data of varying types.

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"reflect"
	"unsafe"
)

func main() {
	i := 10
	iptr := unsafe.Pointer(&i)
	fmt.Println(reflect.TypeOf(i))
	fmt.Println((*int)(iptr))
}
```

### Key points

> When you use `unsafe.Pointer` in Go, you are essentially treating the memory address as an "unsafe" memory location that can be interpreted or dereferenced as any type of data.  
`unsafe.Pointer(&i)` this line basically tells the compiler to ignore type safety checks: Normally, Go's compiler strictly enforces type safety. It would prevent you from using a pointer to an integer to access a string, for example. However, `unsafe.Pointer` bypasses these type checks, allowing you to treat the memory at that address as if it could hold any kind of data.

- using `fmt.Println(*(iptr))` won't work now because:  
    The `*` operator in Go is used to dereference a pointer, which means accessing the value stored at the memory address it points to. However, you cannot directly dereference an `unsafe.Pointer`. It's a generic pointer that doesn't know the type of data it's pointing to.  
    To print the value pointed to by `iptr`, you need to do two things:

    Convert to a Typed Pointer:  You must first convert `iptr` back into a pointer of the correct type. This is typically done using a type assertion:
    ```go
    iValue := (*int)(iptr) // Assuming `i` was originally an int
    ```
    Now iValue is a pointer to an integer, and you can safely dereference it and print its value:
    ```go
    fmt.Println(*iValue) 
    ```