## ANSI codes

### Example 1

The ANSI escape code `\033[38;2;%d;%d;%`dm is used to set the foreground color in the terminal using RGB (Red, Green, Blue).

- `\033`: This is the escape character, also known as ESC (ASCII code 27). It signals the start of an escape sequence.
- `[`: This is the CSI (Control Sequence Introducer), indicating that the following characters will form a control sequence.
- `38`: This specifies that the following sequence will set the *foreground color* (`48` is for *background color*).
- `2`: This specifies that the color will be defined using RGB values.
- `%d;%d;%d`: These are placeholders for the red, green, and blue components of the color.

We have:
```go
"\033[38;2;R;G;Bm"
```

- `R` is the red component (0-255)
- `G` is the green component (0-255)
- `B` is the blue component (0-255)


### Example 2

When you use `5` instead of `2` in the ANSI escape code `\033[38;5;161m`, you are specifying a color from the 256-color palette, rather than using the full RGB color specification.

**256-Color Palette**

The 256-color palette is a standardized set of colors that is supported by many terminals. The colors are indexed from 0 to 255 and include:

1. Colors 0-15: Standard colors (basic 16 colors, including normal and bright versions).
2. Colors 16-231: 6x6x6 color cube (a combination of red, green, and blue values from 0 to 5).
3. Colors 232-255: Grayscale shades.


### Other ANSI control sequences

Note that other numbers can be used for different types of ANSI control sequences. However, these are not typically used for color specification. For example:

- 0: Reset / Normal.
- 1: Bold or increased intensity.
- 4: Underline.
- 7: Inverse / Reverse.
- 8: Conceal.
- 9: Strikethrough.
- 22: Normal intensity.
- 24: No underline.
- 27: Positive (inverse off).
- 28: Reveal (conceal off).
- 29: No strikethrough.

Usage format:

```go
"\033[1;38;2;255;0;0m"
```
