### Another Example of Pointer Arithmetic

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"unsafe"
)

func main() {
	table := []int{12, 645, 13, 78}

	addT := uintptr(unsafe.Pointer(&table))
	fmt.Println("memory adderss of the table:", addT)
	// this in fact doesn't equal to the address of the first element

	addT0 := uintptr(unsafe.Pointer(&table[0]))
	fmt.Println("memory adderss of the first element in the table:", addT0)

	addT2 := addT0 + 8 // you can also use unsafe.offset
	// if you don't use uintptr() this line will give an error.
	fmt.Println("memory adderss of the second element in the table:", addT2)

	addT2Value := *(*int)(unsafe.Pointer(addT2))
	fmt.Println("value of the sacond element in the table:", addT2Value)

}
```

## Memory Layout of a `slice` and a `struct`
We had in `example 3` in 11.md:

```go
s := MyStruct{data: [10]int{11, 1, 11, 9, 3, 12, 8, 7, 5, 10}}

ptr1 := &s.data[0]
// Get the memory address of s
ptr := unsafe.Pointer(&s) // by default we get the address of the first element same as doing:
ptr = unsafe.Pointer(&s.data[0])
```

in this case the address of `&s` is  the same as the address of `&s.data[0]`, but in this case the address of `&table` isn't the same as `&table[0]`, let us understand why:

### Memory layout of a slice in Go

In Go, a slice is a data structure that provides a dynamic array-like interface. It consists of three components:

1. **Pointer**: A pointer to the underlying array.
2. **Length**: The number of elements in the slice.
3. **Capacity**: The maximum number of elements that can be held in the underlying array, starting from the slice’s first element.

**Address Calculation in Slices**

When working with slices, it's important to understand that:

- Taking the address of the slice (`&slice`) gives the address of the slice descriptor.
- Taking the address of the first element (`&slice[0]`) gives the address of the first element in the underlying array.

in the above example `addT` and `addT0` will print different addresses because `addT` points to the **slice descriptor**, while `addT0` points to the first element of the underlying array.


### Memory Layout of a Struct in Go

A struct in Go is a composite data type that groups together variables under a single name. These variables, known as fields, are laid out in memory in the order they are declared.

When you declare a struct with an array as its first field, the memory layout will be such that the address of the struct and the address of the first element of the array are the same. If an array is the first field in a struct, the address of the struct and the address of the first element in the array will be the same.