## Why `cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin` is Necessary

```go
cmd := exec.Command("tput", "cols")
cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin
```

The above example won't work without the line `cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin`:

1. **Default Isolation**: When you execute an external command using `os/exec`, by default, the command's standard streams (`stdin`, `stdout`, `stderr`) are isolated from your Go program's streams. This is done to prevent unexpected interactions and give you more control over how you handle input and output.

2. **Null Device Connection**: Because of this isolation, a command's `stdin` is initially connected to the `null` device (`/dev/null`). Any data written to `/dev/null` is discarded. This means that if you don't explicitly connect `cmd.Stdin` to something else, `tput cols` won't be able to read from the terminal and thus won't report the correct column count.

3. **Bridging the Gap**: The line `cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin` creates a bridge between your Go program's standard input (which is usually connected to the terminal where you're running the program) and the `tput cols` command's standard `input.`

4. You can also bridge other command's **Standard Streams** to your go Streams (ex: `cmd.Stdout = os.Stdout` or `cmd.Stderr = os.Stderr`).


### Example

```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"os"
	"os/exec"
)

func main() {
	cmd := exec.Command("stty", "size")
	if cmd.Stdin == nil && cmd.Stdout == nil &&  cmd.Stderr ==  nil {
		fmt.Println("The command's standard streams are isolated by default")
	}

    // bridging:
	cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin
	cmd.Stdout = os.Stdout
	cmd.Stderr = os.Stderr

	cmd.Run()
}
```

> Why You Can't Use `cmd.Output()` or `cmd.CombinedOutput()` with `cmd.Stdout`, `cmd.Stderr`, or `cmd.Stdin` Set?

When you use `cmd.Output()` or `cmd.CombinedOutput()`, the Go runtime internally sets up the command to capture the output. This setup involves creating pipes to read the command's output. If you have already set `cmd.Stdout`, `cmd.Stderr`, or `cmd.Stdin` manually, it creates a conflict because the runtime cannot use the same pipes for both capturing output and redirecting it to other streams.


> If you need to run the same command multiple times, you must create a new `exec.Cmd` instance for each execution. This is because an `exec.Cmd` instance can only be run once.


```go
package main

import (
	"fmt"
	"os"
	"os/exec"
)

func main() {
	// First execution
	cmd := exec.Command("stty", "size")
	cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin
	cmd.Stdout = os.Stdout
	cmd.Stderr = os.Stderr

	err := cmd.Run()
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println("Error running command:", err)
		return
	}

	// Second execution with a new command instance
	cmd = exec.Command("stty", "size")
	cmd.Stdin = os.Stdin
	output, err := cmd.Output()
	if err != nil {
		fmt.Println(err)
	}
	fmt.Print(string(output))
}
```
